# dalign.ai

Today, the alignment and steering of Artificial Intelligence are influenced by a select few, which shape AI's biases, values, and interpretations. We aim to democratize the alignment process to address this, inviting individuals from all cultures, beliefs, and associations. Our goal is to ensure AI represents all of humanity, not just a privileged few. This involves creating diverse, highly curated datasets of labelled prompt-answer pairs for refining AI models. By harnessing the global, decentralized, and permissionless nature of Web3 systems, we are focused on establishing consensus on the most controversial topics, which demand input from a broad and diverse demographic.

Our project utilizes Gnosis, due to its very low and fast transaction fees to create a curated dataset. Users are required to authenticate themselves via Worldcoin, thereby proving their uniqueness and providing sybil-resistance. Users are sequentially presented with tasks such as generating an answer to a prompt, selecting the best of two answers, or categorizing a conversation. The same task is assigned to multiple users. If there is high agreement on the result, it is finalized. However, if the result is controversial, the task is assigned to more individuals until a consensus is reached. Users are rewarded for each completed task with ERC-20 tokens, with the rewards being multiplied based on the level of controversy of the prompt or answer to incentivize tackling more controversial prompts and answers